c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\le\HelloMonitor.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\be\HelloMonitor.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\le\HelloMonitor.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\be\HelloMonitor.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\HelloMonitor.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\HelloMonitor.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\le\HelloMonitor.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\le\HelloMonitor.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\be\HelloMonitor.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\be\HelloMonitor.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\HelloMonitor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\HelloMonitor.Resources.resources
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\HelloMonitor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\HelloMonitor.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\be\HelloMonitor.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\be\HelloMonitor.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\le\HelloMonitor.pe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\le\HelloMonitor.pdbx
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\HelloMonitor.exe
c:\users\gios_\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelloMonitor\HelloMonitor\obj\Debug\HelloMonitor.pdb
